Doc improvement (#52)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.mobile.notifications: com.unity.mobile.notifications/Documentation~/iOS.md

```

The following code example removes a notification from the Notification Center if it's already delivered.

```c#
iOSNotificationCenter.RemoveDeliveredNotification(notification.Identifier);
```

### Other triggers

Besides the time interval trigger, this package also provides the calendar trigger, location triggers and push triggger. 

#### Calendar trigger

All the fields in [iOSNotificationCalendarTrigger](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationCalendarTrigger.html) are optional, but you need to set at least one field for the trigger to work. For example, if you only set the hour and minute fields, the system automatically triggers the notification on the next specified hour and minute.

```c#
var calendarTrigger = new iOSNotificationCalendarTrigger()
{
    // Year = 2020,
    // Month = 6,
    //Day = 1,
    Hour = 12,
    Minute = 0,
    // Second = 0
    Repeats = false
};
```

#### Location trigger

You can also create an [iOSNotificationLocationTrigger](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationLocationTrigger.html) if you want to schedule the delivery of a notification when the device enters or leaves a specific geographic region.

> Before you schedule any notifications with this trigger, you need to check `Include CoreLocation Framework` in the [notifications settings](settings.html#include-corelocation-framework). Your app must have authorization to use Core Location and must have when-in-use permissions. You can use the Unity LocationService API to request this authorization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you schedule any notifications with this trigger, you need to enable the **Include CoreLocation Framework** option in the [notifications settings](settings.html#include-corelocation-framework). Your app must have authorization to use Core Location and must have when-in-use permissions. You can use the Unity LocationService API to request this authorization. 
```

For additional information, see the [Core Location](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/corelocation/clregion?language=objc) documentation on the Apple Developer website.

> In the below example, the center coordinate is defined using the WGS 84 system. The app triggers the notification when the user enters an area within a 250 meter radius around the Eiffel Tower in Paris.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the center coordinate is defined using the WGS 84 system. The app triggers the notification when the user enters an area within a 250 meter radius around the Eiffel Tower in Paris.
```

```c#
var locationTrigger = new iOSNotificationLocationTrigger()
{
    Center = new Vector2(2.294498f, 48.858263f),
    Radius = 250f,
    NotifyOnEntry = true,
    NotifyOnExit = false,
}
```

#### Push trigger

> You shouldn't really create an [iOSNotificationPushTrigger](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationPushTrigger.html) instance as you can't really send a push notification from your app. This notification trigger is used to indicate if the notification was sent from Apple Push Notification Service (APNs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shouldn't need to create an [iOSNotificationPushTrigger](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationPushTrigger.html) instance as you can't really send a push notification from your app. This notification trigger is used to indicate if the notification was sent from Apple Push Notification Service (APNs).
```

### Notification received callbacks

#### [iOSNotificationCenter.OnNotificationReceived](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationCenter.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotificationCenter_OnNotificationReceived)

> By default if your app triggers a local notification while it is in the foreground, the device won’t display an alert for that notification. If you want the notification to behave as though the device isn’t running the app, set the `ShowInForeground` property when you schedule the notification as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if your app triggers a local notification while it is in the foreground, the device won’t display an alert for that notification. If you want the notification to behave as though the device isn’t running the app, set the `ShowInForeground` property to true when you schedule the notification, as shown below.
```

```c#
notification.ShowInForeground = true;

// In this case you need to specify its 'ForegroundPresentationOption'
notification.ForegroundPresentationOption = (PresentationOption.Sound | PresentationOption.Alert);
```

By subscribing to the `iOSNotificationCenter.OnNotificationReceived` event, you can also perform other actions when the app triggers a notification. For example, you can display the notification content using the app’s UI. Your app calls this event whenever a local or a remote notification is received, regardless if it's shown in the foreground.

#### [iOSNotificationCenter.OnRemoteNotificationReceived](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationCenter.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotificationCenter_OnRemoteNotificationReceived)

> To modify or hide the content of a received remote notification while your app is running, subscribe to the `iOSNotificationCenter.OnRemoteNotificationReceived` event. With subscribing to this event, the remote notification won’t display when your app is running. If you still want to show an alert for it, schedule a local notification using the remote notification’s content. Below is an example of how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify or hide the content of a received remote notification while your app is running, subscribe to the `iOSNotificationCenter.OnRemoteNotificationReceived` event. When subscribing to this event, the remote notification won’t display when your app is running. If you still want to show an alert for it, schedule a local notification using the remote notification’s content. The example below shows how to do this.
```

    };
    iOSNotificationCenter.ScheduleNotification(notification);
};
```

### Store and retrieve custom data

You can store arbitrary string data on the notification with [iOSNotification.Data](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotification.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotification_Data), and retrieve it later from the received notification.

```c#
var notification = new iOSNotification();
notification.Data = "{\"title\": \"Notification 1\", \"data\": \"200\"}";
iOSNotificationCenter.ScheduleNotification(notification);
```

The following code example shows how to retrieve the last notification the app received.

```c#
var notification = iOSNotificationCenter.GetLastRespondedNotification();
if (notification != null)
{
    var msg = "Last Received Notification: " + notification.Identifier;
    msg += "\n - Notification received: ";
    msg += "\n - .Title: " + notification.Title;
    msg += "\n - .Badge: " + notification.Badge;
    msg += "\n - .Body: " + notification.Body;
    msg += "\n - .CategoryIdentifier: " + notification.CategoryIdentifier;
    msg += "\n - .Subtitle: " + notification.Subtitle;
    msg += "\n - .Data: " + notification.Data;
    Debug.Log(msg);
}
```

> If the user opens the app from a notification, [iOSNotificationCenter.GetLastRespondedNotification](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationCenter.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotificationCenter_GetLastRespondedNotification) also returns that notification. Otherwise it returns null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user opens the app from a notification, [iOSNotificationCenter.GetLastRespondedNotification](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotificationCenter.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotificationCenter_GetLastRespondedNotification) also returns that notification. Otherwise, it returns null.
```

#### Set custom data for remote notifications

> Sometimes users might want to set custom data on the payload for a remote notification and retrieve it by [iOSNotification.Data](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotification.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotification_Data). Below is an example of setting a string as `data` on the payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you might want to set custom data on the payload for a remote notification and retrieve it using [iOSNotification.Data](../api/Unity.Notifications.iOS.iOSNotification.html#Unity_Notifications_iOS_iOSNotification_Data). The example below shows how to set a string as `data` on the payload.
```

Reviewer: I assumed "users" here refers to developers, i.e. people who use this package, in which case we need to write this in second-person ("you"). "Users" in the context of these package docs refers to end-users.

Author: > I assumed "users" here refers to developers

```
{
    "aps": {
        "alert": {
            "title": "Hello world!",
            "body": "This is an example of a remote notification"
            }
    },
    "data": "Test data"
}
```

> You have to use the exact `data` as the key of your custom data as it's what the package looks for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to use the exact `data` as the key of your custom data, because this is what the package looks for.
```
